Versioning directives policy (#24161)
matplotlib/matplotlib: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Is [Flake 8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) compliant (install `flake8-docstrings` and run `flake8 --docstring-convention=all`).

**Documentation**

> - [ ] New plotting related features are documented with examples.

Reviewer: This misses now a general statement "New features are documented".

- [ ] Documentation is sphinx and numpydoc compliant (the docs should [build](https://matplotlib.org/devel/documenting_mpl.html#building-the-docs) without error).

**Release Notes**

> - [ ] New features noted with `versionadded` directive in docstring and documented in `doc/users/next_whats_new/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] New features are marked with `.. versionadded::` directive in docstring and documented in `doc/users/next_whats_new/`
```

> - [ ] API changes noted with `versionchanged` directive in docstring and documented in `doc/api/next_api_changes/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] API changes are marked with `.. versionchanged::` directive in docstring and documented in `doc/api/next_api_changes/`
```

- Help with git and github is available at
  https://matplotlib.org/devel/gitwash/development_workflow.html.

> - Create the PR on a new branch, please do not make changes on `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a separate branch for your changes and open the PR from this branch. Please avoid working on `main`.
```
